CASMCMS-8213 - document fixing IMS metallb pool for running jobs. (#2489)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/image_management/Update_IMS_Job_Access_Network.md

# Update IMS Job Access Network

>    In the CSM V1.2.0 and V1.2.1 releases, the IMS jobs template was set up with the wrong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the CSM V1.2.0 and V1.2.1 releases, the IMS jobs template was set up with the wrong
```

>    service address pool. This means that the IMS job pods are unable to start on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service address pool. This means that the IMS job pods are unable to start on the
```

>    customer-management network where they have permission to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customer-management network where they have permission to run.
```

>    To fix this on a running system, the `ims-config` configuration map will need to updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this on a running system, the `ims-config` configuration map will need to updated
```

>    to use the correct address pool when starting jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use the correct address pool when starting jobs.
```

>    **IMPORTANT:** Once this procedure has been done, it will not fix jobs that are currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** Once this procedure has been done, it will not fix jobs that are currently
```

>    running. This will only impact new jobs created after the settings have been updated. Old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running. This will only impact new jobs created after the settings have been updated. Old
```

>    jobs that can not be accessed must be deleted and recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jobs that can not be accessed must be deleted and recreated.
```

## Procedure

> 1. Enter into editing mode for the `ims-config` settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `ims-config` settings.
```

    ```bash
    ncn-mw# kubectl -n services edit cm ims-config
    ```

> 2. Find the `JOB_CUSTOMER_ACCESS_NETWORK_ACCESS_POOL` variable and edit the value to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find the `JOB_CUSTOMER_ACCESS_NETWORK_ACCESS_POOL` variable and set the value to `customer-management`.
```

    ```text
      JOB_CUSTOMER_ACCESS_NETWORK_ACCESS_POOL: customer-management
    ```

3. Exit the editor, saving the new value.

4. Restart the `cray-ims` pod.

    ```bash
    ncn-mw# IMS_POD=$(kubectl get pods -n services -o wide | grep cray-ims | awk '{print $1}')
    ncn-mw# kubectl -n services delete pod $IMS_POD
    ```

5. Wait for the new pod to be ready.

    ```bash
      ncn-mw# watch 'kubectl -n services get pods | grep cray-ims'
    ```

>     Watch the status of the pod, you should see something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Watch the status of the pod for output similar to the following:
```

    ```text
    cray-ims-fbc5c5b45-lq4h7   0/2  PodInitializing 0 10s
    ```

    When it transitions to `2/2  Running`, use `Ctl-c` to exit the `watch` command.

> 6. New jobs will now be created with the correct network settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New jobs will now be created with the correct network settings.
```
